Add `graph-types` to the Type System section (#4)
blockprotocol/awesome-blocks: README.md

### Type System
* Official [Type System npm package]
* Official [Type System Rust crate] from which the npm package is compiled

> * [Graph types]: A Python library to parse ontology schemas and validate entities based on that

Author: ```suggestion
* [Graph types]: A Python library to parse ontology schemas and validate entities based on the generated Pydantic model
```

> * [Graph types]: A Python library to parse ontology schemas and validate entities based on the generated Pydantic model

Reviewer: I might rename this `Python Validator`, rather than `Graph Types`? It seems more descriptive/appropriate.

Author: The issue is that I don’t really know what things we might want to add to the library. Currently, it’s just containing the validation for entities as we need that RN. Also, I would call it the same name here as the package itself.
